README.md, before:

jupyter-widget-stixview
===============================

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/jupyter-widget-stixview.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/jupyter-widget-stixview)

STIX2 graph widget for Jupyter notebook, powered by [stixview](https://github.com/traut/stixview) library.


![stixview widget screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/traut/jupyter-widget-stixview/master/screen.png)

(see [stixview-widget-showcase.ipynb](https://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/traut/jupyter-widget-stixview/blob/master/stixview-widget-showcase.ipynb) for usage options)


Installation
------------

To install use pip:

    $ pip install jupyter_widget_stixview
    $ jupyter nbextension enable --py --sys-prefix jupyter_widget_stixview

To install for jupyterlab

    $ jupyter labextension install jupyter_widget_stixview

For a development installation (requires npm),

    $ git clone https://github.com/traut/jupyter-widget-stixview.git
    $ cd jupyter-widget-stixview
    $ pip install -e .
    $ jupyter nbextension install --py --symlink --sys-prefix jupyter_widget_stixview
    $ jupyter nbextension enable --py --sys-prefix jupyter_widget_stixview
    $ jupyter labextension install js

When actively developing your extension, build Jupyter Lab with the command:

    $ jupyter lab --watch

This take a minute or so to get started, but then allows you to hot-reload your javascript extension.
To see a change, save your javascript, watch the terminal for an update.

Note on first `jupyter lab --watch`, you may need to touch a file to get Jupyter Lab to open.

Commit message:

Make jupyterlab extension easier and fix a couple of things around

README.md, after:

jupyter-widget-stixview
=======================

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/jupyter-widget-stixview.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/jupyter-widget-stixview)

STIX2 graph widget for Jupyter notebook, powered by [stixview](https://github.com/traut/stixview) library.


![stixview widget screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/traut/jupyter-widget-stixview/master/screen.png)

(see [stixview-widget-showcase.ipynb](https://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/traut/jupyter-widget-stixview/blob/master/stixview-widget-showcase.ipynb) for usage options)


Installation
------------

To install use pip:

    $ pip install jupyter_widget_stixview
    $ jupyter nbextension enable --py --sys-prefix jupyter_widget_stixview

To install for jupyterlab

    $ jupyter labextension install jupyter-widget-stixview

For a development installation (requires npm),

    $ git clone https://github.com/traut/jupyter-widget-stixview.git
    $ cd jupyter-widget-stixview
    $ pip install -e .
    $ jupyter nbextension install --py --symlink --sys-prefix jupyter_widget_stixview
    $ jupyter nbextension enable --py --sys-prefix jupyter_widget_stixview
    $ jupyter labextension install js

When actively developing your extension, build Jupyter Lab with the command:

    $ jupyter lab --watch

This take a minute or so to get started, but then allows you to hot-reload your javascript extension.
To see a change, save your javascript, watch the terminal for an update.

Note on first `jupyter lab --watch`, you may need to touch a file to get Jupyter Lab to open.

Troubleshooting
---------------
In case of an error like `jlpm: not found` where a JupyterLab command is
missing, make sure that the `bin` directory (of a Python virtual environment
where `jupyterlab` is installed to) is on `PATH`.
